# Mobile_cloud_framework
Smartphone devices are widely used in our daily lives. However, these devices exhibit limitations, such as short battery lifetime, limited computation power, small memory size and unpredictable network connectivity. Therefore, numerous solutions have been proposed to mitigate these limitations and extend the battery lifetime with the use of the offloading technique. a novel framework is proposed to offload intensive computation tasks from the mobile device to the cloud. This framework uses an optimization model to determine the offloading decision dynamically based on four main parameters, namely, energy consumption, CPU utilization, execution time, and memory usage. In addition, a new security layer is provided to protect the transferred data in the cloud from any attack. The experimental results showed that the framework can select a suitable offloading decision for different types of mobile application tasks while achieving significant performance improvement. Moreover, different from previous techniques, the framework can protect application data from any threat. optimized framework is proposed to improve the efficiency of offloading computation from the mobile device to the cloud. This framework can offload only the application methods that consume substantial mobile resources. The offloading decision is made using a formulated 0–1 integer linear programming model. This decision is made dynamically at runtime based on four constraints, namely, memory usage, CPU utilization, energy consumption, and execution time. The framework also adds a new security layer, which uses an AES technique to protect the methods data before transferring to the cloud in the offloading case. The evaluation results proved that the proposed framework could improve mobile application performance by reducing consumption in mobile resource, such as processing time, battery consumption, CPU utilization, and memory usage. This study also shows how the proposed algorithm can select suitable offloading decisions. we need to enable parallelization for the execution of the method on the cloud to potentially reduce execution time and energy consumption.
